# Content-Security-Policy (CSP)

A CSP header is an additional security layer that can help mitigate against common attacks like Cross-Site Scripting (XSS). Malicious code could be hosted on a separate website or domain and injected into the vulnerable website. A CSP provides a way for administrators to say what domains or sources are considered safe and provides a layer of mitigation to such attacks.

> **CSP** or a Cloud Service Provider is a company which offers scalable cloud computing resources on demand. The cloud resources CSPs offer include computing power, data storage and applications.

<br>

Within the header itself, you may see properties such as ``default-src`` or ``script-src`` defined and many more. Each of these give an option to an administrator to define at various levels of granularity, what domains are allowed for what type of content. The use of self is a special keyword that reflects the same domain on which the website is hosted.

<br>

Looking at an example CSP header:

```http
Content-Security-Policy: default-src 'self'; script-src 'self' https://cdn.tryhackme.com; style-src 'self'
```

We see the use of:

- **default-src**
  - which specifies the default policy of self, which means only the current website.

- **script-src**
  - which specifics the policy for where scripts can be loaded from, which is self along with scripts hosted on [https://cdn.tryhackme.com](https://cdn.tryhackme.com)

- **style-src**
  - which specifies the policy for where style CSS style sheets can be loaded from the current website (self)